.......................................... WEB SERVICE ..........................................................

Q) What is web service ?
-> Software system designed to support interoperable machine-to-machine interaction over a network.
. Designed for machine-to-machine (or app-to-app) interaction
. Should be interoperable - not platform (php, java, js, etc) dependent
. Should allow communication over a network

. Service Provider or Server, Service Consumer or Client.
. Service: It is the contract b/w the service provider and the service consumers. It defines what will the format of the request and responser: XML or JSON. What is
the structure of the request and response, where the service is available (endpoints i.e. URL where service is available).
. Transport: How service is called like is there any URL which can be called over network or over the MQ (using Queue).

There are two types of Web Services available:
1) Soap: used to stand for Simple Object Access Protocol. It uses XML for sending message exchange. It defines the format for your request and response but doesn't
impose any restrictions on your transport (can use either HTTP or MQ). The service definition is typically done using Web Service Definition Language (WSDL). WSDL
defines the endpoint, all operations exposed (like add a course, delete a course) and request and response structure.
2) Rest: resources (URI like /user/{id}) are assigned. No restriction on Data Exchange Format (can use json, html, xml), restriction on transport (can only use HTTP)
as Rest is completely built over the HTTP. Web Application Definition Language (WADL) is one of the formats used by Rest to specify the Restful Web Services. Swagger
is another format to specify the Restful Web Services.

....................................................................................................................

JPA: Java Persistence API, it provides the mapping using Relationships, Entities, Mapping, EntityManager etc like maps the Table name to Class Name. We use
EntityManager to manage our entities. It provides JPQL and Criteria API (to wirte queries using Java API).

Hibernate: is a ORM framework. It is one of the popular implementations of JPA. JPA is a specification and Hibernate implements it. Basically JPA consists of bunch of
interfaces and provides all the annotations and Hibernate uses all that interfaces to implement them and reads all the annotations and understands them.

----> SB auto configuration says that it founds the dispatcherServlet on the classpath, so lets go ahead and configure a dispatcherServlet. DispatcherServlet is a
front controller (or follow the front controller pattern) which receives every request and from here it sends the request to the respective controller as it knows
all the mapping present for example request to "/hello-world" mapped to HelloWorld() method. @RestController annotation has a @ResponseBody annotation which is used
to map the response from a specific handler (method) by a message converter (Jackson is used a message converter) into some other format. So Jackson will the convert
the response returned to JSON and return the bean back to the user.

Q) Who is configuring the dispatcherServlet: SB auto configuration.
Q) How does an instance of a class (any class) returned from the handler (RestController method) get converted to JSON: Using Jackson library.
Q) Who is configuring the error mapping: SB auto configuration and it creates a default error page.